Edit Contributing Page (#118)
w3f/polkadot-wiki-mkdocs: docs/general/contributing.md

and render the Wiki on your local machine before submitting a pull request for review. Rendering the
Wiki locally also adds the benefit of checking for broken links.

!!!info "Run the Wiki Locally"

>       For more information about how to run the Wiki locally on your machine visit [the README file on GitHub](../../README.md#running-locally).

Reviewer: So here, we should probably put the HTTP URL. I'll put the "old" Wiki for now, and after it merges it will be updated.

```suggestion
      For more information about how to run the Wiki locally on your machine visit [the README file on GitHub](https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/blob/master/README.md).
```
